c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.pdb
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\DomainModel.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\MySqlDatabase.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\MySqlDatabaseInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\WebServiceLayer.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\DomainModel.pdb
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\MySqlDatabaseInterfaces.pdb
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\MySqlDatabase.pdb
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\WebServiceLayer.pdb
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\obj\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\obj\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.dll
c:\Users\Güray\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\obj\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.pdb
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.pdb
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\DomainModel.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\MySqlDatabase.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\MySqlDatabaseInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\WebServiceLayer.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\DomainModel.pdb
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\MySqlDatabaseInterfaces.pdb
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\MySqlDatabase.pdb
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\WebServiceLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\obj\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\obj\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.dll
C:\Users\Güray\Desktop\DomainModel\WebServiceLayer.Test\obj\Debug\WebServiceLayer.Test.pdb
